docs: create new telegram integration guide (#825)
apify/apify-docs: sources/platform/integrations/telegram.md

## Connect Apify with Zapier

To use the Apify integration on Zapier, you will need to:

- Have an [Apify account](https://console.apify.com/).
- Have a [Zapier account](https://zapier.com/).

### Step 1: Create Zap and find Apify on Zapier

Once you have your Zapier account ready and you are successfully logged in, you can create your first Zap.

Go to the Zaps section and find the **Create Zap** button.

In the create Zap form, you can choose whether you want to use Apify as the trigger or action for the Zap.

Click on Trigger and find Apify using the search box.

![Zapier choosing source of trigger](./images/zapier-trigger.png)

You have two possible triggers that you can choose while setting up your Telegram integration

- Finished Actor Run - triggers upon the completion of a selected Actor run.

- Finished Task Run - triggers upon the completion of a selected Actor task run.

![Zapier choosing trigger event](./images/zapier-zap-choose-event.png)

:::info Available Actors & Tasks

> Please note that only Actor runs or Actor task runs that you previously executed will be available to choose from.

Reviewer: Itsn't this

```suggestion
Please note that only Actors or Actor tasks that you previously run will be available to choose from.
```

? You are choosing an Actor or Task not exact run, right? But in fact, is this true? I think that you can now select any Actor or Task without running it previously.

Author: Yup, good catch it should have been Actor and Actor tasks not Actor run and Actor task runs.

Regarding the second point, has this changed within the last month since the publication of the video guide? I took the info from the video, and within it we have disclaimer that only Actors that were previously run will show up within Zapier when using Apify as trigger.

Author: I removed integration from title in each case except Telegram, since this one is through 3rd party. I think this approach works best as each doc is already under `Integrations` folder in the sidebar.

Reviewer: @drobnikj would know when this was changed - you updated the Zapier integration in autumn to be able to select any Actor, right? So it might be incorrect in the video which is not a big deal IMHO.

Author: I spoke with @drobnikj yesterday, when using Apify as trigger you can only use previously run Actors or Actor tasks. So the information is correct both here and within the video.

The next step is to connect your Apify account.

Click on the "Sign in" button next to the Connect to Apify title. Or you can select an account if you already have one connected.

The connection configuration options open in a new tab in your browser or in a modal window.

![Apify Zapier connection](./images/zapier-new-connection.png)

In connection configuration, you need to provide your Apify API Token. You can find the token in Apify Console by navigating to **Settings > Integrations**.

![Integrations token](./images/apify-integrations-token.png)

Copy the token and paste it into the configuration form and continue with the "Yes, Continue to Apify" button.

The connection is now created and the configuration form closed.

## Connect Telegram bot with Zapier

### Step 1: Create & connect new bot on Telegram

> After setting up Apify as your trigger within Zapier, it's time to set up telegram as your action that will happen based on triger.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After setting up Apify as your trigger within Zapier, it's time to set up Telegram as the action that will occur based on the trigger.
```
